## The Leicester Continuous glucose monitoring Data Analysis Group (CDAG) 

This is the GitHub page of the Continuous glucose monitoring Data Analysis Group (CDAG) based within the Leicester Diabetes Centre (LDC) at the University of Leicester.

### Who are we?
The CDAG is a research group made up of data and clinical specialists with programming, analytical and clinical expertise in data generated by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) devices. 
Our data scientists are able to read, clean, process and analyse CGM data as well as link this data with activity and sleep data from commercial smart wearables (e.g., Fitbit, Garmin) and ecological momentary assessment (EMA) data from smartphone applications (e.g., Hypo-METRICS app). 
Our clinicians translate analytical and statistical results into clinically relevant recommendations.  

### What do we do?
We offer end-to-end CGM study support (plan, deploy, download, clean and analyse) as well as flexible, ad-hoc CGM data consultancy (support with data management, processing, analysis, linkage, visualisation and interpretation). 
Our team delivers a CGM course which provides an overview of the use of CGM use in diabetes research, covering key CGM metrics and their interpretation. The course also includes a practical aspect, giving attendees the opportunity 
to format and process real CGM data, compute key metrics and visualise outputs using R programming and statistical packages. We also offer an analytical tool, the hypometrics R package, which supports processing, analysis, visualisation and linking
of CGM, activity, sleep and EMA data. 

### How to get in touch?

For general enquiries regarding the CDAG group please email [gme6@leicester.ac.uk](mailto:gme6@leicester.ac.uk).



